The data I will need while doing this project; Daily deaths in Turkey, bed occupancy rate in hospitals, rate of intubated patients. I will examine these data in 3 different time intervals. April 2021 April 2020 and December 2021. I'll make a comparison with different countries where necessary. For a detailed examination of the Covid-19 process, we need to reach the drugs used and the treatment methods in hospitals. However, since this is a current and ongoing issue, I do not find it right to talk too much about the Covid-19 drugs and different treatment methods used. But again, brief information about these factors should be given;
1- Plasma Blood treatment: Plasma blood treatment was applied to appropriate intensive care patients at certain time intervals, and this plasma blood treatment was approved by some doctors, but not by others. For plasma blood treatment, the Covid-19 patient must be in the first 10 days. It is applied in patients who do not respond to antibiotic treatment.
2- Intensive care treatment with a different drug: some patients were given an antibiotic drug treatment that was not approved by the Ministry of Health in Turkey. The Ministry of Health did not approve because it was uncertain and had many side effects. Despite this, some conscientious intensive care physicians started to talk about this drug treatment with the authority of Entübe patients' relatives. If the relatives of the patients had financial means, they would buy this drug personally and deliver it to the doctor. Of course, the procedures applied for this were different. It was done with the consent of the relatives of the patients. Sometimes, the values ​​of the patient were transmitted to the health ministry and demanded this drug for the patient, but the health ministry did not approve this drug according to the values ​​of the intubated patients. Because the drug had harmful effects on the defense mechanism.

I can access these data from many different places, but I have planned to actively collect data on 5 different platforms for certainty.
1-I will access the Digital Transformation Office website, which has been recently opened by the Presidency of the Republic of Turkey.
2- Google Statistics Data is currently available for every country. I especially wanted to choose this platform because the first information that comes to every internet user in the world is almost here.
3- Daily data published by the Ministry of Health of the Republic of Turkey during the pandemic process.
4- The monthly reports of the Turkish Medical Association.
5- Data published by the World Health Organization.

While obtaining these data, I was impressed by the disagreements that arose due to Turkey's political and political situation. I also had to examine and evaluate the data of the Turkish Medical Association, which opposed the data announced by the Ministry of Health. With the chaos, obscurity and shock effect of the epidemic that emerged during the pandemic process, many different approaches emerged. There are many different newspapers, websites, different institutions and organizations where I can access these data. I encountered a lot of information pollution. I tried to use the resources that are on Turkey's agenda.
